Fix link to VMO reference architecture (#4167)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/vm-management/architecture.md

![Diagram that explains the architecture behind Palette VMO.](/vm-management_architecture_vmo-architecture.webp)

For more detailed information about the technical architecture of VMO, refer to the

> [Spectro Cloud Resource Center](https://www.spectrocloud.com/resource-center) and click the "virtual machines" topic to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Spectro Cloud Resource Center](https://www.spectrocloud.com/resource-center). From the left **navigation Menu**,  click on the "virtual machines" topic to
```

> [Spectro Cloud Resource Center](https://www.spectrocloud.com/resource-center). From the left **navigation Menu**, click

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Spectro Cloud Resource Center](https://www.spectrocloud.com/resource-center). From the left **Main Menu**, click
```
